Improve offline installation. (#71)
bimdata/quickstart-onpremise: README.md

You also need to enable offline installation in the ansible inventory in
`inventories/your_inventory_name/group_vars/all/vars.yml`.

| Variables                   | Default value                      | Description                                                                                |
|-----------------------------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| install_offline             | false                              | Enable the offline installation.                                                           |

> | install_offline_cache_path  | "{{ bimdata_path }}/offline-cache" | Cache directory where archives with dockeer images will be store on the servers            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| install_offline_cache_path  | "{{ bimdata_path }}/offline-cache" | Cache directory where archives with docker images will be stored on the servers            |
```
